 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 This is HTML tags that have and describe meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to display data in a web browser.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    An attribute is when you want to include info, but don't want to render it on screen.
    It is included in HTML within an anchor.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    This is used to denote the main header/title of the page. It is recommended to only use one per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    An anchor and an image.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    introductory topics, navigational buttons

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is a unique tag pertaining to that single element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    Once per page.

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is a selector that allows you to group multiple elements, and define them once.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Many times. The elements can belong to multiple classes.
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add the attribute "target="_blank"" to the end of url attribute.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Used to describe what the img is, if it does not load.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    '#'

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A div is a generic container for elements. 
    A section is a semantic way to contain elements.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style Sheets

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id is a unique identifer to an element. ex when you want Style rules to only apply to one element.
    A class is an identifer for multiple elements. ex when you want style rules to apply to multiple elements.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    '.'

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .p human{}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector is '.div turkey{}'. This is useful because it allows us to assign a sepecfic styling to a single
    element within a div or section.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar{}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    This is a selector that selects elements in a specific state ex.) .p:hover{}

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing: 0px;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing: 0px;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: capitalize;
    text-transfrom: lowercase;
    text-transform: uppercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm. Because it will delete it permanantly without warning or prompt.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Keeps all versions of the file, and teammates can work on it with you at the same time.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Frequently

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    'git push orgin <branch name>'

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1.First you fork the project from Lambda School's github
        2.Fork it to your personal github
        3.Download the link to the clipboard
        4.Select the folder you want the use
        5.Open Git Bash and clone the link 
        6.Open the ls and find the clone, then enter the clone
        7.Create a branch off the master via 'git checkout -b <name>'
        8.Verify dir path, that it shows your name
        9.Commit any changes (repeat as necessary)
        10.Push the project via 'git push orgin <branch name>
        11.Go to github and refresh page to see your branch
        12.Add TL as a collaborator
        13.Press Pull Request on github
        14.Click the drop down, and select your github branch
        15.Lastly click on 'Create pull request'
    38. CodePen Link:
    https://codepen.io/acarrill42/pen/LYNOoPo
